Hi! I'm Marlene Spiegel, founding team leader
with Wildtree. I'm here on behalf of Expert
Village and today I'm going to show you how
to make a Moroccan Chicken dish over couscous.
Now I've already cooked the couscous but the
first thing I do is in my hot Euro dipping
oil in the pan I'm going to add some diced
tomatoes. Just swirl that around and let that
cook and simmer off some of the steam and
the juices. Then I add some sliced zucchini
and the chicken breast which, oops, we forgot
to have over here. But that's alright, the
meal will come out delicious anyhow. Then,
the key ingredient is Wildtree's Moroccan
Salmon sauce. Now I know this is a chicken
dish, but you could use it on salmon or chicken.
And I'm going to add a tablespoon of that
because it's real rich. And I'm going to make
sure that we get every drop of it by scooping
the vegetables and getting those off. And
I just keep stirring everything in. Our chicken
is starting to cook and I reduce it down to
simmer, cover it and in twenty minutes, we
are good to go! Take a look at this dish!
It's absolutely excellent! A Moroccan Salmon
Chicken! And as you can see, it's in high
demand!